# Jumia-Full-Web-Scraper
Recent statistics suggest internet penetration in Kenya along with access to internet-enabled devices such as smartphones and personal computers continues to grow rapidly in the country which has created a conducive environment for ecommerce. However, over the recenent past, customers continue to find themselves overwhelmed by the number of choices they have to chose for their online shopping. As more ecommerce platforms continue to emerge, it is bound to become even harder for customers to choose the best platform that suits their needs. The growing  number of ecommerce platforms also makes it difficult for competitors to perform competitor analysis by evaluating aspects such as product types, prices, and customer sentiments.
The objective of this project was to devise a quick way for customers and business alike to monitor pricing patterns and trends in customer sentiments to allow them to either select the best product that suits their needs or to quickly assess competitor behavior. In this project, I built a dynamic webscraper to collect product information from the Jumia website including product name, category, subcategory, price, discounts, description, product rating and reviews. From a customers perspective, this scrapper can be used to monitor price changes of a particular product to allow the customer to target periods where the price is discounted. From a competitor's perspective, this scrapper allows you to identify product related trends in relation to pricing and customer sentiments which can be used to advance business operations.
The project is built using python while it implements packages such as requests and beautiful soup for making web calls while parsing of the data is done using regex and pandas.
